<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-US">
	<head>
		<title>III: Hearts Count More Than Diamonds</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<section id="chapter-3" epub:type="chapter">
			<hgroup>
				<h2 epub:type="z3998:ordinal z3998:roman">III</h2>
				<p epub:type="title">Hearts Count More Than Diamonds</p>
			</hgroup>
			<p>About ten days after that notable Armistice Day, Lord Peter Wimsey was sitting in his library, reading a rare fourteenth century manuscript of Justinian. It gave him particular pleasure, being embellished with a large number of drawings in sepia, extremely delicate in workmanship, and not always equally so in subject. Beside him on a convenient table stood a long-necked decanter of priceless old port. From time to time he stimulated his interest with a few sips, pursing his lips thoughtfully, and slowly savoring the balmy aftertaste.</p>
			<p>A ring at the front-door of the flat caused him to exclaim вҖңOh, hell!вҖқ and cock an attentive ear for the intruderвҖҷs voice. Apparently the result was satisfactory, for he closed the Justinian and had assumed a welcoming smile when the door opened.</p>
			<p>вҖң<abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr>В Murbles, my lord.вҖқ</p>
			<p>The little elderly gentleman who entered was so perfectly the family solicitor as really to have no distinguishing personality at all, beyond a great kindliness of heart and a weakness for soda-mint lozenges.</p>
			<p>вҖңI am not disturbing you, I trust, Lord Peter.вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңGood lord, no, sir. Always delighted to see you. Bunter, a glass for <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr>В Murbles. Very glad youвҖҷve turned up, sir. The Cockburn вҖҷ80 always tastes a lot better in companyвҒ вҖ”discerninвҖҷ company, that is. Once knew a fellow who polluted it with a Trichinopoly. He was not asked again. Eight months later, he committed suicide. I donвҖҷt say it was on that account. But he was earmarked for a bad end, what?вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңYou horrify me,вҖқ said <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr>В Murbles, gravely. вҖңI have seen many men sent to the gallows for crimes with which I could feel much more sympathy. Thank you, Bunter, thank you. You are quite well, I trust?вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңI am in excellent health, I am obliged to you, sir.вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңThatвҖҷs good. Been doing any photography lately?вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңA certain amount, sir. But merely of a pictorial description, if I may venture to call it so. Criminological material, sir, has been distressingly deficient of late.вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңPerhaps <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr>В Murbles has brought us something,вҖқ suggested Wimsey.</p>
			<p>вҖңNo,вҖқ said <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr>В Murbles, holding the Cockburn вҖҷ80 beneath his nostrils and gently agitating the glass to release the ethers, вҖңno, I canвҖҷt say I have, precisely. I will not disguise that I have come in the hope of deriving benefit from your trained habits of observation and deduction, but I fearвҒ вҖ”that is, I trustвҒ вҖ”in fact, I am confidentвҒ вҖ”that nothing of an undesirable nature is involved. The fact is,вҖқ he went on, as the door closed upon the retreating Bunter, вҖңa curious question has arisen with regard to the sad death of General Fentiman at the Bellona Club, to which, I understand, you were a witness.вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңIf you understand that, Murbles,вҖқ said his lordship, cryptically, вҖңyou understand a damn sight more than I do. I did not witness the deathвҒ вҖ”I witnessed the discovery of the deathвҒ вҖ”which is a very different thing, by a long chalk.вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңBy how long a chalk?вҖқ asked <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr>В Murbles, eagerly. вҖңThat is just what I am trying to find out.вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңThatвҖҷs very inquisitive of you,вҖқ said Wimsey. вҖңI think perhaps it would be betterвҒ вҖҠвҒ вҖҰвҖқ he lifted his glass and tilted it thoughtfully, watching the wine coil down in thin flower-petallings from rim to stemвҒ вҖҠвҒ вҖҰ вҖңif you were to tell me exactly what you want to knowвҒ вҖҠвҒ вҖҰ and why. After allвҒ вҖҠвҒ вҖҰ IвҖҷm a member of the ClubвҒ вҖҠвҒ вҖҰ family associations chiefly, I supposeвҒ вҖҠвҒ вҖҰ but there it is.вҖқ</p>
			<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr>В Murbles looked up sharply, but WimseyвҖҷs attention seemed focused upon the port.</p>
			<p>вҖңQuite so,вҖқ said the solicitor. вҖңVery well. The facts of the matter are these. General Fentiman had, as you know, a sister Felicity, twelve years younger than himself. She was very beautiful and very willful as a girl, and ought to have made a very fine match, but for the fact that the Fentimans, though extremely well-descended, were anything but well-off. As usual at that period, all the money there was went to educating the boy, buying him a commission in a crack regiment and supporting him there in the style which was considered indispensable for a Fentiman. Consequently there was nothing left to furnish a marriage-portion for Felicity, and that was rather disastrous for a young woman sixty years ago.</p>
			<p>вҖңWell, Felicity got tired of being dragged through the social round in her darned muslins and gloves that had been to the cleanersвҒ вҖ”and she had the spirit to resent her motherвҖҷs perpetual strategies in the matchmaking line. There was a dreadful, decrepit old viscount, eaten up with diseases and dissipations, who would have been delighted to totter to the altar with a handsome young creature of eighteen, and I am sorry to say that the girlвҖҷs father and mother did everything they could to force her into accepting this disgraceful proposal. In fact, the engagement was announced and the wedding-day fixed, when, to the extreme horror of her family, Felicity calmly informed them one morning that she had gone out before breakfast and actually got married, in the most indecent secrecy and haste, to a middle-aged man called Dormer, very honest and abundantly wealthy, andвҒ вҖ”horrid to relateвҒ вҖ”a prosperous manufacturer. Buttons, in factвҒ вҖ”made of papier-mГўchГ© or something, with a patent indestructible shankвҒ вҖ”were the revolting antecedents to which this headstrong young Victorian had allied herself.</p>
			<p>вҖңNaturally there was a terrible scandal, and the parents did their bestвҒ вҖ”seeing that Felicity was a minorвҒ вҖ”to get the marriage annulled. However, Felicity checkmated their plans pretty effectually by escaping from her bedroomвҒ вҖ”I fear, indeed, that she actually climbed down a tree in the back-garden, crinoline and allвҒ вҖ”and running away with her husband. After which, seeing that the worst had happenedвҒ вҖ”indeed, Dormer, a man of prompt action, lost no time in putting his bride in the family wayвҒ вҖ”the old people put the best face they could on it in the grand Victorian manner. That is, they gave their consent to the marriage, forwarded their daughterвҖҷs belongings to her new home in Manchester, and forbade her to darken their doors again.вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңHighly proper,вҖқ murmured Wimsey. вҖңIвҖҷm determined never to be a parent. Modern manners and the breakup of the fine old traditions have simply ruined the business. I shall devote my life and fortune to the endowment of research on the best method of producinвҖҷ human beings decorously and unobtrusively from eggs. All parental responsibility to devolve upon the incubator.вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңI hope not,вҖқ said <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr>В Murbles. вҖңMy own profession is largely supported by domestic entanglements. To proceed. Young Arthur Fentiman seems to have shared the family views. He was disgusted at having a brother-in-law in buttons, and the jests of his messmates did nothing to sweeten his feelings toward his sister. He became impenetrably military and professional, crusted over before his time, and refused to acknowledge the existence of anybody called Dormer. Mind you, the old boy was a fine soldier, and absolutely wrapped up in his Army associations. In due course he marriedвҒ вҖ”not well, for he had not the means to entitle himself to a noble wife, and he would not demean himself by marrying money, like the unspeakable Felicity. He married a suitable gentlewoman with a few thousand pounds. She died (largely, I believe, owing to the military regularity with which her husband ordained that she should perform her maternal functions), leaving a numerous but feeble family of children. Of these, the only one to attain maturity was the father of the two Fentimans you knowвҒ вҖ”Major Robert and Captain George Fentiman.вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңI donвҖҷt know Robert very well,вҖқ interjected Wimsey. вҖңIвҖҷve met him. Frightfully hearty and all thatвҒ вҖ”regular army type.вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңYes, heвҖҷs of the old Fentiman stock. Poor George inherited a weakly strain from his grandmother, IвҖҷm afraid.вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңWell, nervous, anyhow,вҖқ said Wimsey, who knew better than the old solicitor the kind of mental and physical strain George Fentiman had undergone. The War pressed hardly upon imaginative men in responsible positions. вҖңAnd then he was gassed and all that, you know,вҖқ he added, apologetically.</p>
			<p>вҖңJust so,вҖқ said <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr>В Murbles. вҖңRobert, you know, is unmarried and still in the Army. HeвҖҷs not particularly well-off, naturally, for none of the Fentimans ever had a bean, as I believe one says nowadays; but he does very well. GeorgeвҒ вҖ”вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңPoor old George! All right, sir, you neednвҖҷt tell me about him. Usual story. Decentish jobвҒ вҖ”imprudent marriageвҒ вҖ”chucks everything to join up in 1914вҒ вҖ”invalided outвҒ вҖ”job goneвҒ вҖ”health goneвҒ вҖ”no moneyвҒ вҖ”heroic wife keeping the home-fires burningвҒ вҖ”general fed-upness. DonвҖҷt letвҖҷs harrow our feelings. Take it as read.вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңYes, I neednвҖҷt go into that. Their father is dead, of course, and up till ten days ago there were just two surviving Fentimans of the earlier generation. The old General lived on the small fixed income which came to him through his wife and his retired pension. He had a solitary little flat in Dover Street and an elderly manservant, and he practically lived at the Bellona Club. And there was his sister, Felicity.вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңHow did she come to be Lady Dormer?вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңWhy, thatвҖҷs where we come to the interesting part of the story. Henry DormerвҒ вҖ”вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңThe button-maker?вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңThe button-maker. He became an exceedingly rich man indeedвҒ вҖ”so rich, in fact, that he was able to offer financial assistance to certain exalted persons who need not be mentioned and so, in time, and in consideration of valuable services to the nation not very clearly specified in the Honors List, he became Sir Henry Dormer, <abbr class="eoc">Bart.</abbr> His only childвҒ вҖ”a girlвҒ вҖ”had died, and there was no prospect of any further family, so there was, of course, no reason why he should not be made a baronet for his trouble.вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңAcid man you are,вҖқ said Wimsey. вҖңNo reverence, no simple faith or anything of that kind. Do lawyers ever go to heaven?вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңI have no information on that point,вҖқ said <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr>В Murbles, dryly. вҖңLady DormerвҒ вҖ”вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңDid the marriage turn out well otherwise?вҖқ inquired Wimsey.</p>
			<p>вҖңI believe it was perfectly happy,вҖқ replied the lawyer, вҖңan unfortunate circumstance in one way, since it entirely precluded the possibility of any reconciliation with her relatives. Lady Dormer, who was a fine, generous-hearted woman, frequently made overtures of peace, but the General held sternly aloof. So did his sonвҒ вҖ”partly out of respect for the old boyвҖҷs wishes, but chiefly, I fancy, because he belonged to an Indian regiment and spent most of his time abroad. Robert Fentiman, however, showed the old lady a certain amount of attention, paying occasional visits and so forth, and so did George at one time. Of course they never let the General know a word about it, or he would have had a fit. After the War, George rather dropped his great-auntвҒ вҖ”I donвҖҷt know why.вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңI can guess,вҖқ said Wimsey. вҖңNo jobвҒ вҖ”no money, yвҖҷknow. DidnвҖҷt want to look pointed. That sort of thing, what?вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңPossibly. Or there may have been some kind of quarrel. I donвҖҷt know. Anyway, those are the facts. I hope I am not boring you, by the way?вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңI am bearing up,вҖқ said Wimsey, вҖңwaiting for the point where the Money comes in. ThereвҖҷs a steely legal glitter in your eye, sir, which suggests that the thrill is not far off.вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңQuite correct,вҖқ said <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr>В Murbles. вҖңI now comeвҒ вҖ”thank you, well, yesвҒ вҖ”I will take just one more glass. I thank Providence I am not of a gouty constitution. Yes. Ah!вҒ вҖ”We now come to the melancholy event of November 11th last, and I must ask you to follow me with the closest attention.вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңBy all means,вҖқ said Wimsey, politely.</p>
			<p>вҖңLady Dormer,вҖқ pursued <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr>В Murbles, leaning earnestly forward, and punctuating every sentence with sharp little jabs of his gold-mounted eyeglasses, held in his right finger and thumb, вҖңwas an old woman, and had been ailing for a very long time. However, she was still the same headstrong and vivacious personality that she had been as a girl, and on the fifth of November she was suddenly seized with a fancy to go out at night and see a display of fireworks at the Crystal Palace or some such placeвҒ вҖ”it may have been Hampstead Heath or the White CityвҒ вҖ”I forget, and it is of no consequence. The important thing is, that it was a raw, cold evening. She insisted on undertaking her little expedition nevertheless, enjoyed the entertainment as heartily as the youngest child, imprudently exposed herself to the night air and caught a severe cold which, in two daysвҖҷ time, turned to pneumonia. On November 10th she was sinking fast, and scarcely expected to live out the night. Accordingly, the young lady who lived with her as her wardвҒ вҖ”a distant relative, Miss Ann DorlandвҒ вҖ”sent a message to General Fentiman that if he wished to see his sister alive, he should come immediately. For the sake of our common human nature, I am happy to say that this news broke down the barrier of pride and obstinacy that had kept the old gentleman away so long. He came, found Lady Dormer just conscious, though very feeble, stayed with her about half an hour and departed, still stiff as a ramrod, but visibly softened. This was about four oвҖҷclock in the afternoon. Shortly afterwards, Lady Dormer became unconscious, and, indeed, never moved or spoke again, passing peacefully away in her sleep at half-past ten the following morning.</p>
			<p>вҖңPresumably the shock and nervous strain of the interview with his long-estranged sister had been too much for the old GeneralвҖҷs feeble system, for, as you know, he died at the Bellona Club at some timeвҒ вҖ”not yet clearly ascertainedвҒ вҖ”on the same day, the eleventh of November.</p>
			<p>вҖңNow then, at lastвҒ вҖ”and you have been very patient with my tedious way of explaining all thisвҒ вҖ”we come to the point at which we want your help.вҖқ</p>
			<p><abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr>В Murbles refreshed himself with a sip of port, and, looking a little anxiously at Wimsey, who had closed his eyes and appeared to be nearly asleep, he resumed.</p>
			<p>вҖңI have not mentioned, I think, how I come to be involved in this matter myself. My father was the FentimansвҖҷ family solicitor, a position to which I naturally succeeded when I took over the business at his death. General Fentiman, though he had little enough to leave, was not the sort of disorderly person who dies without making a proper testamentary disposition. His retired pension, of course, died with him, but his small private estate was properly disposed by will. There was a small legacyвҒ вҖ”fifty poundsвҒ вҖ”to his manservant (a very attached and superior fellow); then one or two trifling bequests to old military friends and the servants at the Bellona Club (rings, medals, weapons and small sums of a few pounds each). Then came the bulk of his estate, about ВЈ2,000, invested in sound securities, and bringing in an income of slightly over ВЈ100 per annum. These securities, specifically named and enumerated, were left to Captain George Fentiman, the younger grandson, in a very proper clause, which stated that the testator intended no slight in thus passing over the elder one, Major Robert, but that, as George stood in the greater need of monetary help, being disabled, married, and so forth, whereas his brother had his profession and was without ties, GeorgeвҖҷs greater necessity gave him the better claim to such money as there was. Robert was finally named as executor and residuary legatee, thus succeeding to all such personal effects and monies as were not specifically devised elsewhere. Is that clear?вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңClear as a bell. Was Robert satisfied with that arrangement?вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңOh dear, yes; perfectly. He knew all about the will beforehand and had agreed that it was quite fair and right.вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңNevertheless,вҖқ said Wimsey, вҖңit appears to be such a small matter, on the face of it, that you must be concealing something perfectly devastating up your sleeve. Out with it, man, out with it! Whatever the shock may be, I am braced to bear it.вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңThe shock,вҖқ said <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr>В Murbles, вҖңwas inflicted on me, personally, last Friday by Lady DormerвҖҷs man of businessвҒ вҖ”<abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr>В Pritchard of LincolnвҖҷs Inn. He wrote to me, asking if I could inform him of the exact hour and minute of General FentimanвҖҷs decease. I replied, of course, that, owing to the peculiar circumstances under which the event took place, I was unable to answer his question as precisely as I could have wished, but that I understood <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Dr.</abbr>В Penberthy to have given it as his opinion that the General had died some time in the forenoon of November 11th. <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr>В Pritchard then asked if he might wait upon me without delay, as the matter he had to discuss was of the most urgent importance. Accordingly I appointed a time for the interview on Monday afternoon, and when <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr>В Pritchard arrived he informed me of the following particulars.</p>
			<p>вҖңA good many years before her death, Lady DormerвҒ вҖ”who, as I said before, was an eminently generous-minded womanвҒ вҖ”made a will. Her husband and her daughter were then dead. Henry Dormer had few relations, and all of them were fairly wealthy people. By his own will he had sufficiently provided for these persons, and had left the remainder of his property, amounting to something like seven hundred thousand pounds, to his wife, with the express stipulation that she was to consider it as her own, to do what she liked with, without any restriction whatsoever. Accordingly, Lady DormerвҖҷs will divided this very handsome fortuneвҒ вҖ”apart from certain charitable and personal bequests with which I need not trouble youвҒ вҖ”between the people who, for one reason and another, had the greatest claims on her affection. Twelve thousand pounds were to go to Miss Ann Dorland. The whole of the remainder was to pass to her brother, General Fentiman, if he was still living at her death. If, on the other hand, he should predecease her, the conditions were reversed. In that case, the bulk of the money came to Miss Dorland, and fifteen thousand pounds were to be equally divided between Major Robert Fentiman and his brother George.вҖқ</p>
			<p>Wimsey whistled softly.</p>
			<p>вҖңI quite agree with you,вҖқ said <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr>В Murbles. вҖңIt is a most awkward situation. Lady Dormer died at precisely 10:37В <abbr>a.m.</abbr> on November 11th. General Fentiman died that same morning at some time, presumably after 10 oвҖҷclock, which was his usual hour for arriving at the Club, and certainly before 7В <abbr>p.m.</abbr> when his death was discovered. If he died immediately on his arrival, or at any time up to 10:36, then Miss Dorland is an important heiress, and my clients the Fentimans get only seven thousand pounds or so apiece. If, on the other hand, his death occurred even a few seconds after 10:37, Miss Dorland receives only twelve thousand pounds, George Fentiman is left with the small pittance bequeathed to him under his fatherвҖҷs willвҒ вҖ”while Robert Fentiman, the residuary legatee, inherits a very considerable fortune of well over half a million.вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңAnd what,вҖқ said Wimsey, вҖңdo you want me to do about it?вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңWhy,вҖқ replied the lawyer, with a slight cough, вҖңit occurred to me that you, with yourвҒ вҖ”if I may say soвҒ вҖ”remarkable powers of deduction and analysis might be able to solve the extremely difficult and delicate problem of the precise moment of General FentimanвҖҷs decease. You were in the Club when the death was discovered, you saw the body, you know the places and the persons involved, and you are, by your standing and personal character, exceptionally well fitted to carry out the necessary investigations without creating anyвҒ вҖ”ahem!вҒ вҖ”public agitation orвҒ вҖ”erвҒ вҖ”scandal, or, in fact, notoriety, which would, I need hardly say, be extremely painful to all concerned.вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңItвҖҷs awkward,вҖқ said Wimsey, вҖңuncommonly awkward.вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңIt is indeed,вҖқ said the lawyer with some warmth, вҖңfor as we are now situated, it is impossible to execute either will orвҒ вҖ”or in short do anything at all. It is most unfortunate that the circumstances were not fully understood at the time, when theвҒ вҖ”umвҒ вҖ”the body of General Fentiman was available for inspection. Naturally, <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr>В Pritchard was quite unaware of the anomalous situation, and as I knew nothing about Lady DormerвҖҷs will, I had no idea that anything beyond <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Dr.</abbr>В PenberthyвҖҷs certificate was, or ever could become, necessary.вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңCouldnвҖҷt you get the parties to come to some agreement?вҖқ suggested Wimsey.</p>
			<p>вҖңIf we are unable to reach any satisfactory conclusion about the time of the death, that will probably be the only way out of the difficulty. But at the moment there are certain obstaclesвҒ вҖ”вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңSomebodyвҖҷs being greedy, eh?вҒ вҖ”YouвҖҷd rather not say more definitely, I suppose? No? HвҖҷm, well! From a purely detached point of view itвҖҷs a very pleasinвҖҷ and pretty little problem, you know.вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңYou will undertake to solve it for us then, Lord Peter?вҖқ</p>
			<p>WimseyвҖҷs fingers tapped out an intricate fugal passage on the arm of his chair.</p>
			<p>вҖңIf I were you, Murbles, IвҖҷd try again to get a settlement.вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңDo you mean,вҖқ asked <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr>В Murbles, вҖңthat you think my clients have a losing case?вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңNoвҒ вҖ”I canвҖҷt say that. By the way, Murbles, who is your clientвҒ вҖ”Robert or George?вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңWell, the Fentiman family in general. I know, naturally, that RobertвҖҷs gain is GeorgeвҖҷs loss. But none of the parties wishes anything but that the actual facts of the case should be determined.вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңI see. YouвҖҷll put up with anything I happen to dig out?вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңOf course.вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңHowever favorable or unfavorable it may be?вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңI should not lend myself to any other course,вҖқ said <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr>В Murbles, rather stiffly.</p>
			<p>вҖңI know that, sir. ButвҒ вҖ”well!вҒ вҖ”I only mean thatвҒ вҖ”Look here, sir! when you were a boy, did you ever go about pokinвҖҷ sticks and things into peaceful, mysterious lookinвҖҷ ponds, just to see what was at the bottom?вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңFrequently,вҖқ replied <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr>В Murbles. вҖңI was extremely fond of natural history and had a quite remarkable collection (if I may say so at this distance of time) of pond fauna.вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңDid you ever happen to stir up a deuce of a stink in the course of your researches?вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңMy dear Lord PeterвҒ вҖ”you are making me positively uneasy.вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңOh, I donвҖҷt know that you need be. I am only giving you a general warning, you know. Of course, if you wish it, IвҖҷll investigate this business like a shot.вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңItвҖҷs very good of you,вҖқ said <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr>В Murbles.</p>
			<p>вҖңNot at all. I shall enjoy it all right. If anything odd comes of it, thatвҖҷs our funeral. You never know, you know.вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңIf you decide that no satisfactory conclusion can be arrived at,вҖқ said <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr>В Murbles, вҖңwe can always fall back on the settlement. I am sure all parties wish to avoid litigation.вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңIn case the estate vanishes in costs? Very wise. I hope it may be feasible. Have you made any preliminary inquiries?вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңNone to speak of. I would rather you undertook the whole investigation from the beginning.вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңVery well. IвҖҷll start tomorrow and let you know how it gets on.вҖқ</p>
			<p>The lawyer thanked him and took his departure. Wimsey sat pondering for a short timeвҒ вҖ”then rang the bell for his manservant.</p>
			<p>вҖңA new notebook, please, Bunter. Head it вҖҳFentimanвҖҷ and be ready to come round with me to the Bellona Club tomorrow, complete with camera and the rest of the outfit.вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңVery good, my lord. I take it your lordship has a new inquiry in hand?вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңYes, BunterвҒ вҖ”quite new.вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңMay I venture to ask if it is a promising case, my lord?вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңIt has its points. So has a porcupine. No matter. Begone, dull care! Be at great pains, Bunter, to cultivate a detached outlook on life. Take example by the bloodhound, who will follow up with equal and impartial zest the trail of a parricide or of a bottle of aniseed.вҖқ</p>
			<p>вҖңI will bear it in mind, my lord.вҖқ</p>
			<p>Wimsey moved slowly across to the little black baby grand that stood in the corner of the library.</p>
			<p>вҖңNot Bach this evening,вҖқ he murmured to himself. вҖңBach for tomorrow when the gray matter begins to revolve.вҖқ A melody of ParryвҖҷs formed itself crooningly under his fingers. вҖңFor man worketh in a vain shadowвҒ вҖҠвҒ вҖҰ he heapeth up riches and cannot tell who shall gather them.вҖқ He laughed suddenly, and plunged into an odd, noisy, and painfully inharmonious study by a modern composer in the key of seven sharps.</p>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
